I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
The Wishing Well
Grandpa Pig is showing Peppa and George
around his garden.
Here are my cabbages, broccoli, and sprouts.
Woo!
Potatoes, carrots and beetroots live here.
And over there, is the fruit.
What is this, Grandpa?
That, Peppa, is a weed.
What is a weed?
A weed is a cheeky plant, growing in the wrong spot.
Oh!
Pull it out and throw it in this bucket.
There's no room for weeds in my tidy garden.
Grandpa Pig is very proud of his garden.
Maybe there's room to grow a little strawberry here.
In the middle of my carrots? No, Peppa.
Strawberries belong with the fruit.
Everything has its place.
Isn't that right, Granny Pig?
Yes, Grandpa.
Can we find a little place for this?
Er…no!
What is it, Granny?
It's a plastic gnome, Peppa.
And he's going to live in our garden.
Oh, no! He isn't. There's no room.
There's plenty of room. What about here?
I can't have that ugly thing looking at me all day!
Peppa, George, do you think my gnome looks ugly?
No, Granny. I think he looks cute.
There, Grandpa. You are outnumbered.
The gnome stays.
Ah! And here come the rest of them.
What?
Mr. Bull is bringing
Mr. Gnome a truck load of new friends.
Yippee!
But gardens are for plants, not plastic.
Where do you want the gnomes?
We don't want gnomes, thank you!
Oh!
Goodbye.
Naughty Grandpa Pig. Those are Granny Pig's gnomes.
Oh. It appears we do want gnomes.
i'll trade off again.
They are lovely.
Here is this as well. Cheerio!
Thanks you, Mr. Bull. Goodbye.
Bye-bye.
What's this? A giant gnome?
No, Grandpa.
It's a well.
What is a well?
A well, Peppa, is a very deep hole with water in it.
Woo!
And as it happens, I do need water for my garden.
So a well will be useful. But that is not a well.
It's made of plastic and there's no hole.
It's beautiful.
What's the point of a well without water?
It's a wishing well.
You throw a coin into it and make a wish.
Can I make a wish, Granny?
Of course, Peppa. Here's a little coin.
I wish! I wish! I wish!
Oh, don't tell us what you are wishing for.
OK.
Finished!
Very good.
Granny, do the wishes always come true?
Yes.
Oh, goodie!
But now it's time for grandpa to take you home.
Bye-bye, Granny.
Bye-bye.
Goodbye, my little ones.
Grandpa, you are very lucky
having a wishing well in your garden.
Do you think so, Peppa?
Yes, you can wish for things whenever you want.
Mm…
And the wishes always come true
because Granny Pig said so.
Yes.
Do you want to know what I wished for, Grandpa?
What did you wish for, Peppa?
I wished that I could have
a wishing well and gnomes in my garden.
Oh, well, I think we can do that.
Peppa and George have arrived home.
Mummy, Daddy, I made a wish. And it came true.
Really? What did you wish for, Peppa?
Lots of gnomes and a wishing well for our garden.
Oh!
Er…Grandpa Pig,
I don't think we have enough room.
Nonsense! You've got plenty of room.
Er…yes! I suppose so!
Peppa and George love gnomes and wishing wells.
Everybody loves gnomes and wishing wells.